docs(query-keys): clarify query key refetching (#5653)
TanStack/query: docs/react/guides/query-keys.md

}
```

> Note that query keys act as dependency arrays for your query functions. Adding dependent variables to your query key will insure that queries are cached independently, and that any time a variable changes, *queries will be refetched automatically.* (See the [exhaustive-deps](../eslint/exhaustive-deps) section for more information and examples.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that query keys act as dependencies for your query functions. Adding dependent variables to your query key will ensure that queries are cached independently, and that any time a variable changes, *queries will be refetched automatically (depending on your `staleTime` settings).* (See the [exhaustive-deps](../eslint/exhaustive-deps) section for more information and examples.)
```

> Note that query keys act as dependencies for your query functions. Adding dependent variables to your query key will ensure that queries are cached independently, and that any time a variable changes, *queries will be refetched automatically (depending on your `staleTime` settings).* (See the [exhaustive-deps](../eslint/exhaustive-deps) section for more information and examples.)
> 
> [//]: # 'Example5'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[//]: # 'Example5'

Note that query keys act as dependencies for your query functions. Adding dependent variables to your query key will ensure that queries are cached independently, and that any time a variable changes, *queries will be refetched automatically (depending on your `staleTime` settings).* (See the [exhaustive-deps](../eslint/exhaustive-deps) section for more information and examples.)
```
